'Test.ahk' (soon to be 'Test.exe') and 'Conf.txt' are the basis of this whole experiment.

Compile 'Test.ahk' to an exe and run it if you like to see what it'll show.

You can now try out 'TestMod.ahk' (previously 'ModT.ahk') to see what happens when you copy 'Test.exe' to 'TestMod.exe' and append the file size to it - run that to see how it reads the original file size from the appended info and thus deduces the addition of 4 bytes.

You can also try out the beast that is '_MainTest.ahk'...

This will first copy 'Test.exe' to '_Test.exe', then it'll append the 'Conf.txt' file to it and write the 4-byte split point data to the end; it'll run the packed exe automatically to show you how it's bundled.

Once you close the MsgBox, it'll extract, read, delete, and then show the config file to show how simple it is to read it in without leaving a mess.

Finally, upon closing this MsgBox, it'll split the bundle back into the default exe and config files - with new names so you can compare them if need be; '__Exe.exe' and '__Cfg.txt' respectively.

'Args.ahk' requires compiling to work as intended; it was just to test parameter receiving, nothing special (that's how I discovered it wasn't working via pure script form).

'InOut.ahk' is just the initial stages of '_MainTest.ahk' before I split off to avoid messing up any of the initial code.

Finally, 'Dupe.ahk' (again, needs to be compiled) is a simple test to copy itself to a file called 'Fixer.exe' and run it to test how easy it would be to make the script trigger command line stuff - 'Fixer.exe's command line argument is set to immediately close and delete 'Dupe.exe'...

Running 'Fixer.exe' manually will run the other option, which is just set to display a MsgBox and exit.

So there you have it, several hours of feverishly beavering away trying to understand how to make stuff like 'Buffer()' work and how to append and extract files to executables - there should be enough there to get to grips with my original idea to just bundle the files together and work from there.